# Meeting agendas
A place to put meeting notes ahead of our regular catchups.

# 18.08.2023
## Now using a GitHub organisation
- Go through the features and ideas,
- Talk about the `discussions` feature
    - Not sure if we will use this, but could be a good idea
- Migrated over all issues to the new org

## Initial codebase
- Setup an initial codebase,
- Using React, but that might change if Next.js looks better,
- Using Typescript as this is a more robust and safe way of writing code

## App design
- JH will create a document to outline all the features of the app:
  - e.g. pages, device compatibility etc.
  - Also put some user stories together

## Tablet access
- Are these on order?
- JH to have one for development?

## Github pages
- You can now access the initial webpage,
  - https://pubvis-gosh.github.io/pubvis/
- We can have the staging app here so everyone can access it and play around with it,
- Put it behind a password?
- We could buy a custom domain if needed?

## Artist
- Still need to get in contact with David,

## GOSH IT network
- We need an email address so that I can start talking to them about deploying apps within the network,
